(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Thank you so much for your patience. Was having technical difficulties on the main account, so unfortunately had to host this one on my own, so do appreciate you guys being patient here. Seems that's been a common problem the last couple spaces we've been hosting. 

I'm going to try to figure out what's going on there. Give me one second, let me just pull up some people real quick. Laura Dre, nice to have you, my friend. 

Always good to see you and appreciate what you do for us as well as your community. So guys, today we're going to talk about a couple points. We're going to cover some things about the BOSS token, like wallet submissions.

Maybe Iago can share some updates with us regarding like some of the tech, and then as always, we're going to dive into some of your questions. On top of that, guys, we are also going to be doing multiple giveaways this community call, not only with USDC, but also with EngagePoints. As you guys know, there's literally a PS5 up for grabs on the Engage Exchange, and it's obviously extremely hard to reach the cap that I've put, which is 10k points, which is why we're going to be doing a lot of like giveaways of like high amounts of points, things of that nature, because I do want you guys to grab that PS5 at some point in the next couple weeks. 

Now, we'll get into all the community activities and community campaigns later towards like the end of this call, because I obviously wanted to focus on like some of the more important things, which is tech, the token, so on and so forth. With that being said, just want to give a big welcome to Iago here. You're very busy. 

We appreciate your time. How are you doing today? I am great. It's awesome to see everyone with their very cool PFPs here.

Thank you for making this happen. Hopefully next time we can deal with the X spaces without it glitching out on us. But awesome job, Alien. 

Thank you. Thank you, my friend. And yes, we love seeing all the orange profile pictures. 

If you guys want one, you know what to do. Go over to Discord, go under the Go Boss Yourself category, submit your profile picture, and then I'll plop that onto a custom boss-themed background for you guys. And actually to address that as well, I know there's a quest live right now that some of you have already claimed that some of you can't claim as a result. 

I'm going to fix that issue today. I'm going to put up a new quest for those of you who already claimed that quest, and you'll be able to go in and grab XP as long as you can show that your profile picture has this orange background on it from before. But we can dive into that later. 

With that being said, let's dive into the first thing here, which is the boss token. So I did want to talk about wallet submissions. Guys, it's very, very, very important that if you have not submitted your wallet already, that you go and do that as soon as possible.

Please do keep in mind, if you choose to go down the Ethereum route, you will have to pay a small fee when claiming. A very small, minimal fee. That's just how it works, right? And then on the Cardano route, if you end up submitting your Cardano address, you won't have to do anything.

It will simply be airdropped into your wallet address that you provided. We also do recommend, I believe it's called the Shelley format. Your address should start with ADDR1.

Please do not provide your handle. That will not work. Unfortunately, I wish it did. 

But so yeah, please do keep all these elements in mind. And of course, if you have any other questions regarding this, we're happy to address that as well. We know that wallet submissions, the deadline was for the 15th. 

We have decided to extend that because several of you have, unfortunately, not submitted your wallet address. So we're obviously just giving you guys a little bit more freedom to be able to do that. We want everybody to kind of be able to participate at TGE and not have to deal with this afterwards. 

If I can just jump in here and explain. Yes. It's worthwhile to give a little bit of background here. 

So what we need to do is we need to make sure that we have a finalized set of addresses that we're going to distribute to before TGE. TGE is getting very close. And so we need to have a final date for submission. 

That will not be the final date. It will be the final date before TGE, right? Because we have to have a fixed set of addresses that we can issue to at TGE. If, for whatever reason, you haven't managed to register prior to that, then you can always register in the month, in the months after TGE, the weeks after TGE, days after TGE. 

And then we will, on a rolling basis, every few weeks be able to add a new list and provide that issuance. But in order to make sure that there are no dropped addresses or that something happens that doesn't, to make sure that we don't, aren't in a situation where people who should be receiving and have registered don't receive, we need to make sure that we've got our finalized list and can program it into the system and test it before TGE. And that is why we need to have a cutoff date before TGE. 

Okay. That's good feedback. That's good to know. 

I'll make sure to pass that on to the mods as well so that we can all be in sync with that. With that being said, let's move on to any updates. Is there any updates or anything that you'd like to highlight, Iago? Anything going on with the tech, development, anything on your side? Well, right now, most of the efforts are geared towards the TGE and the system launch and initializing the system and the tokens and making sure that everything is properly in place. 

And so that's our primary focus. We've got, we continue to make progress on the tech side. There's a number of pieces of tech, which internally we're going to start testing on the UI side on Monday. 

So that's very exciting. I'm looking forward to seeing those systems and getting to play with them for the first time. And we're continuing to work on increasing the amount of ZKBTC that the system is able to issue. 

So we're getting closer to being able to lift the limits on the current set of ZKBTC and allowing additional ZKBTC in. But for the next few weeks, our primary focus is on initializing the system with TGE. Fantastic. 

Sounds like some amazing progress with ZKBTC. That's exciting news. All right. 

Now I want to make sure that I have everybody's attention. If you guys could just send a quick reaction right now. If you are here, send those reactions out because you will be entered into a pool to win 200 Engage Points. 

So if you're here, hit those reaction buttons, throw out a heart, throw out a sad face, throw out a laughing face, anything. All right. I see Earl on chain. 

All right. I see you guys. Iago's throwing out some hearts. 

We got ComputeFi. Come on, guys. Throw out those hearts, those reactions. 

I know you want those 200 Engage Points. Let's go. Come on, guys. 

All right. Awesome. Okay. 

30 more seconds, guys. Throw out those hearts. This is funny. 

Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. 

All right, guys. If you want 200 points, now is your chance. Now is your chance. 

You guys want that PS5? Who wants that PS5? Come on. I'm taking screenshots, so you better get on it right now. All right. 

10 more seconds, guys. 10 more seconds. 10 more seconds of crying faces. 

Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. 

Let's go. Let's go. Good job, guys. 

Good job. All right. And it's done. 

It's done. It's done. You guys don't have to cry anymore. 

It's okay. But after this space, I will distribute out those 200 points. Oh, man. 

This is hilarious. You guys are so funny. This is too funny.

We love the boss community. All right. Let's move on, then. 

Let's move on to some of your amazing questions. Thank you, guys, for participating in that. That was actually hilarious. 

I didn't know if it would work, but it did. You guys take direction very well. All right. 

Questions, questions, questions. So Slim asked, is there a grant or incentive program to attract developers to build on Boss? No. We're going to be launching a hackathon soon, which will have prizes, and developers can come and participate. 

And this will actually be a global event. And there will be prizes around that. And we are also, you know, we've already got quite a lot of developer partnerships and people building on the system or building systems for Boss. 

But what we're not doing is a sort of broad-based grant program, at least not now. And the reason is that our experience with grant programs is that unless they're extremely focused around specific strategic initiatives or specific things the ecosystem requires in the very, very near term, they are not effective. And more than that, usually the way these grant programs run is that grants are given to develop, you know, all kinds of things which really should be built by projects that are trying to build a product. 

And so what you end up doing is you attract developers who are there for the grant rather than there for the product. And so frequently you end up with lower quality products and sort of more mercenary developers, which is not what we're looking for. At this point in time, what's really important is to build up the organic developer base and the community of developers who are building on Boss out of enthusiasm. 

Now, there are examples where grant programs have developed something successful. Probably the most outstanding success that came from a grant program or that had a grant was Uniswap back in the day. But I'll point out that actually Uniswap was built before they got the grant.

And the grant sort of came later once the initial success of Uniswap was already demonstrated. So, our sense is that building out these grant programs is a way of attracting, unfortunately, relatively low quality developer engagement. That said, if someone has a very, very cool idea and they want to show initiative and they do need some capital in order to get going for whatever reason, then they can reach out to us and we can potentially provide support. 

And the advantage of doing it that way is it creates a filter for people who are going to go the extra mile, going to demonstrate that initiative, going to engage with the community. And we think that that will have much better results. Amazing. 

Thank you, Iago. Lucas Brazil asked, hey bosses, my AMA question is, I'd like to know will new users who missed the Boss presale on Sovereign Origins Launchpad have another chance to acquire the token before the TGE? As far as I know, no, my friend. Next question. 

Tlust Mocha asked, I have a question for Iago. I was looking through your followers and noticed that CZ from Binance is following you. Are you friends or partners? If so, could you tell us how you met? I think CZ has been following me for many years.

I think I actually have quite a lot of really great followers. I've been contributing to the space for many, many years and I think my work is fairly well known. Good answer. 

Very good answer. 2B Cryptological asked, question for the upcoming AMA. Many still believe Bitcoin's highest purpose is to remain as a pure store of value. 

Do you believe that with Boss, which extends Bitcoin's reach into DeFi and broader utility, might better unite the store of value and utility expansionists or deepen the dive over what Bitcoin should represent? Can you say that again? I didn't quite get it. So I think what he's trying to say is like, do you think that those who believe that Bitcoin should remain as a store of value and then those who believe that Bitcoin should be more than that, do you think that they're going to kind of like merge and see eye to eye as a result of Boss? The way I think about Bitcoin right now is, it's still, we're still, it's crazy that 16 years in, we're still early, but how people think about Bitcoin is still being formed and different people have like different visions of what Bitcoin will be, what BTC will be, what the Bitcoin chain will be. I think what, and then what happens is that instead of talking about what, you know, facts, people are talking about narratives, right? Bitcoin is digital cash. 

Bitcoin is digital gold. Bitcoin is a store of value. Bitcoin is a global settlement system. 

These are our narratives. And we're now in a phase where the narratives are becoming less important than the actuality. And when that happens, people stop talking about sort of what Bitcoin should be and start talking about what Bitcoin is. 

And so my sense is that it's not exactly that people will sort of come to see eye to eye on the narratives, but that the narratives themselves will become less important as it becomes much clearer that the actual role that Bitcoin is playing. Now there probably will always be narratives around what comes next. And also we're not yet there, right? There's still a lot of things that are going to happen to Bitcoin. 

It's going to become a reserve asset for corporations and for countries. It's going to become a store of wealth for everyone. And in particular, right now, what we're seeing is it's becoming a store of wealth in particular for very, very wealthy individuals or people who are managing money professionally. 

It is always being used as payments, but we think that over, especially with the work that we've done, which is going to allow for a much higher degree of scalability and allow for large amounts of transactions, it's going to become more of a payments system as well. And we're starting to see even now with BOSS, right? With the BRO token, with ZKBTC and soon as real world assets and other kinds of assets will be issued on Bitcoin, that the Bitcoin chain is becoming a general purpose ledger. And then on top of all of that, one of the cool things that BOSS does is it allows other chains to integrate directly into Bitcoin, turning Bitcoin into a central hub and the base layer for all of crypto, for entire other chains.

So over the next five years, all of these things are going to crystallize into reality. And so I think the sort of like almost religious debates about what Bitcoin is are going to fade because Bitcoin will simply be. Awesome answer, Iago.

Now we've had a lot of new users come in, hence why there's going to be like a repeat of like some of the questions that get asked, but we've answered this time and time again, but again, new users. So UA82 asked, for a long time, ETH users complained about gas fees. Their recent Dencon update has improved the high gas fees problem a bit. 

Has BOSS thought about keeping gas fees low like Solano or will BOSS let market forces dictate gas fees? Well, BOSS will. So market forces will definitely dictate fees. Ultimately, the primary constraint around space is the amount of space in Bitcoin blocks, which is very, very limited. 

And so BOSS and Bitcoin are very different from Solano and Ethereum and all of those systems. When Solano or Ethereum think that their blocks are becoming too expensive and too full, they can just add more space. What we do with BOSS is we're going to add systems which allow you to aggregate transactions cryptographically. 

So there's no limit to the number of transactions, but you'll need to aggregate these transactions into a single proof and write them as a Bitcoin transaction, basically spreading the cost of the Bitcoin transaction, which we expect the cost of Bitcoin transactions is going to rise exponentially. But that cost will be split across exponentially growing number of simple transactions as well as gas transactions. In other words, compute heavy transactions through the BOSS system. 

This is actually really important. This is a very important distinction because it means that the ability to generate revenue through a system like BOSS is actually more consistent and more sustainable. One of the big problems with the financial model of Ethereum, Solano and other chains like that is that they're in a constant sense of tension between two different desires. 

You can see this. There was a few years ago, a massive so-called upgrade to Ethereum where Ethereum was supposed to become deflationary. But Ethereum did only become deflationary for a very short period of time and is now inflationary again. 

There was this central bank type planning, which failed, just like it fails with central banks of other kinds. Why did it fail? All of these smart contract chains, they're all trying to do two things which are completely in opposition to each other. The first thing is they want to have as many transactions as possible, and they want to keep those transactions as cheap as possible, which means that they need to have huge amounts of block space. 

But on the other side, they want to make as much money as possible. They want revenue for the chain. On the one hand, they want things to be cheap. 

And on the other hand, they want things to be expensive. And this is a fundamental tension which cannot be resolved at Ethereum and Solano. And what it does is it creates a situation that any time something like Ethereum becomes successful on the one side, they fail on the other side. 

So for example, when Ethereum got expensive and sort of was managing to generate the fees that it wanted and to become deflationary, transactions got very, very expensive. And then what happens is something like Solano emerges adding entirely new block space without, but basically, you know, by introducing a whole new separate chain, right? So basically by stealing Ethereum's market share. And this is basically going to mean that smart contract chains that are not connected to something which is unchangeable and basically which are not connected to Bitcoin will never really be able to achieve significant margins and significant revenue. 

They'll never be able to get away from inflation because anytime they start moving away from inflation, they're just going to open the door to a new competing product, which is going to destroy them. And so this has been one of the primary reasons I've been very bearish on altcoins from the beginning because I see this tension. It's a fundamental, logical component of the way that they're constructed.

It means that these assets can never be non-inflationary and can never be sound money. On the other hand, with BOSS, we have a solution to this problem, which is that we build on Bitcoin, which is this unchanging, credibly neutral substrate, this settlement mechanism, and we use technological means to get more and more efficient, right? Be able to extract more and more transactional potential from this. And so that allows us to provide a product which can provide for large numbers of transactions. 

And instead of trying to make the money off of whole blocks, which we know the blocks in Bitcoin are going to get full once this fully matures, we make the revenue for the system off of the computation, right? You need to be able to use computation in order to prove and verify the ZK proofs and our system facilitates that. So it's a different approach and it's approach which solves not just this problem, many problems which have emerged over the last 10 years of crypto. And I've spoken in the past about how crypto, since the introduction of Ethereum 10 years ago, has been on a journey, on a wrong journey, on a journey which has ultimately led us to where we are now, which is lots of chains competing with each other, fragmented, nothing's generating real revenue in a sustainable way. 

And it looks like a giant casino. And so it is by coming back to Bitcoin, which is the one thing which has managed to remain consistent, reliable, and create something new, not software but permaware, that we're going to be able to build the future of crypto. And chains like Litecoin and Cardano and other chains, as they recognize this, are going to be integrating into Bitcoin. 

And so they, all of these chains, ultimately are going to end up also paying fees via BOSS to the Bitcoin chain. Thanks, Iago. That was a great answer.

We are midway into the space, so I just wanted to announce today's secret code with you guys, my friends. That secret code is 1738. Again, I repeat, 1738. 

That's it. I won't repeat it one more time. So let's move on to the next question. 

Jason asked, Gboss, Iago, and Aliens, just want to ask how you guys are doing and if the BOSS team will be going to any more events like KBW or Token 2049 before the year runs out? Possibly, yes. There might be one or two events in November. I don't know, Alien, what you've got on your schedule, but I think there's at least one or two more events in November that we're likely to have people from the BOSS team at.

Yeah, I think there's possibly like the Berlin Summit and then there's also DevConnect. We haven't talked about it as a team yet though, guys. Once that's obviously settled, if we do end up going, of course, you guys will be the first to know. 

I did, actually, really funny, I did get reached out to by some conference in Abu Dhabi. They want to bring me on as a content creator. I thought that was pretty hilarious. 

They saw the vlogs, I think. Moving on, Elsa asked, hey, Alien and Iago, as a Cardano fan who's dabbled in ETH, I'm stoked about BOSS merging these worlds with trustless bridging and universal tokens. But with privacy roll-ups in the mix, how will BOSS balance that Bitcoin-level security with user-friendly tools to prevent things like over-surveillance in DeFi while keeping adoption accessible for normies? This is a really, really great question and very timely as well. 

One of the things that we're planning, we've started discussing, and in November we're going to have sort of like a dev summit of the BOSS devs to discuss, is the introduction of privacy into the system. We haven't made a decision about how this will be introduced yet, but we've always known that because our fundamental technology is ZK, is zero-knowledge proofs, zero-knowledge proofs were actually invented in order to preserve secrets, in order to provide cryptographic secrets. And so, because this particular kind of cryptography is designed for privacy, we can leverage that to create privacy for Charms transactions and by extension also for BTC.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)