(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Buki, love your name, my friend, love that name. I wish you and your token boss all the best. Thank you, my friend.

How many, what percentage will your community get on the upcoming airdrop? That is a good question. I can't answer that, unfortunately. We haven't shared any information pertaining to the percentage, the number, the amount, so on and so forth, because we obviously didn't want to create, we just didn't want to create issues within the community, but we are actually actively working on that right now, so hopefully next week sometime, I'll be able to share more information and shed more light on the airdrop campaign itself.

And for those of you that are hearing about the airdrop campaign right now, and unfortunately, it came to an end months ago, and it's not something that you can participate in now, but please do not let that deter you, my friends. As you guys can see, we literally have giveaways, campaigns, incentives, mini-campaigns running at all times of the day. We're always cooking something for the community, because we obviously very much value you guys.

We very much know that you can have the most successful project or successful products, but without a community to back you, you're pretty much nothing. We very much understand that. So, Alga, you asked another question.

I'm going to skip that. Guys, I can only do one question at a time, unfortunately, to just give everybody a fair chance here. Storm, you asked, do the different roles that can be obtained on the Discord server find a rating on the airdrop? If so, which roles are they, and do they have a weighting in the airdrop distribution? So, yes, they do, but it doesn't necessarily matter anymore, right, because the airdrop campaign has kind of like come to an end.

So, there was quite a few different roles, right? So, the way that the airdrop campaign worked was you would come into the server, you would verify your assets, right? Let's say it was like SNEC or HANDLE or Fluid Tokens. You would verify that you had these assets, and in turn, you would be given roles. Those roles would, in turn, give you points.

The higher points that you had, the more, the higher your boss allocation was going to be for the airdrop, right? So, there was two other roles that we handed out as well that were boss-specific. It was the boss-verified role and the boss-verified two role and that was given to pre-sale participants who participated in both phase one and phase two. So, but again, unfortunately, none of this necessarily matters because the campaign's kind of come to an end.

Mark Gray, you asked what kind of games is Sketchheads and what's the reward for attending or winning? Sketchheads, my friend, you asked this, obviously, like you must have asked this yesterday before we actually played the game, but it's a super simple game. So, let's say there's a group of 30 of us. Everybody takes a turn to draw something, to draw a word, and then we all have to basically like guess what it is.

That's pretty much it, super simple. Yesterday was low-key, low-key, slightly a bit of a disaster though. So, what I actually did was I created a boss games channel and I pulled in the Gartik bot.

So, we will actually be playing Gartik next week as well as doing like quizzes that don't require, that don't put any pressure on like your network or anything like that. So, I really like, we sat down with the mods yesterday. We want to give everybody a fair chance to participate.

I think this is basically like what works the best. So, do not worry guys. I know you guys were upset yesterday about like not being able to participate.

So, don't worry about that. And I will also, after this call, I will be handing out XP for those of you who, for those of you who participated in the game yesterday. I typically give 200 XP to anybody who participated and then the top winners, the top three winners get, I think it's like 300, 275 and 250 XP.

And that goes towards Zeely. And then there's also USDC rewards, of course. I've been handing out USDC rewards to the top three as well.

Next question, Elsa. Elsa went hard, man. Elsa went hard.

Elsa dropped like 50 questions here. I respect it. I respect the grind.

But unfortunately, I'm only gonna have to, I'm only gonna answer one. And then also guys, please do not use AI. Literally, sometimes ChatGBT creates a concoction of words that do not make any sense.

And I'm just like, what am I reading? My brain is turning into soup right now. So, please try not to use AI. Like maybe use it as like a, for the foundation, but try to like write things in your own words.

Sudi, you asked, you have already announced a lot of great partnerships. You're asking this for Yago. Yago, do you have any idea of how many other teams are currently developing projects on BOSS? And which ones are you most excited about? In which sectors those partners are developing currently? DeFi, gaming, NFTs, others.

So, that's a good question. And I'm just gonna pretend to be Yago for a second. I'm just gonna start throwing out some crazy language at you guys.

Cryptographically verifiable computation. No, I'm kidding. That's literally like the only complicated word that I have in my library of words, by the way.

I throw that one out to you guys all the time. But we do have quite a few teams that are actually building on BOSS right now, or a lot of different entities or so, however you'd call it. So, we obviously have, we have Alien Tech, crazy.

Alien Tech, crazy. But they're the ones that are kind of like building out the Grail Pro, the tech behind that. Then we have like the Charms, the Charms team, which is obviously building out our universal token standard.

You guys obviously know that. We have BTCOS, which is kind of like the commercial facing side, which is what I'm part of. It's like the marketing, the community, socials, kind of like partnership ecosystem side of things.

I feel like there's a few others, but I'm kind of like blanking right now. Because obviously, we built out Merkle Mesh, which is our interoperability layer. We built out BitSNARK, which was our ZK verification protocol.

So, it's hard to say. I can't answer that fully. So, I guess, unfortunately, I could not pretend to be Iago there.

Apologies for that. We'll have to circle back to that one, my friend. Storm, you asked another question.

I'm going to have to skip, unfortunately, because I already answered one of yours. Tommy asked, there's a lot of talk about quantum computers these days. Does quantum computing really pose a threat to Bitcoin? That's another question that I can't answer, but I'm going to give you points for it.

We'll have to circle back to that one. There's a lot of debate out there, though. I will say that.

I don't know enough about quantum computing to comment on it, but I do know that this is a pretty heavy debate, ongoing debate within just the technical community. Let's see. By the way, guys, just reannouncing this.

Anybody that is here at this given moment, you are all entered to win a USDC giveaway. So, shout out to you for being here, guys. This is why Indulgent, Jason, all the mods have said time and time again on Discord, if you are here, if you are consistent, if you show up, there are so many ways to win rewards.

We're always doing something, trying to think as creatively as we possibly can here to reward you guys. Steve, you asked, after TGE focuses on UTXO chains, and rightly so, due to unprecedented security and decentralization. However, the user base on other account-based chains is hard to ignore.

Which account-based chains will be the focus after rollout? So, from my understanding, we're probably going to be focusing on some of the major chains, right? Like Sol, Ethereum, and the only other piece of information that I can give here is that we are building an adapter contract to make that happen. I don't know at what phase that will roll out, but it is obviously most definitely a priority, not only on a liquidity basis, but also on a user base, right? At the end of the day, the entire goal here is to connect everybody with everybody, and also connect everybody with Bitcoin, so that we can all, so that there can be just a seamless flow of liquidity, a seamless flow of users, on a technical standpoint, things can make more sense. So, again, yeah, I'm not sure what phase that's going to roll out in, but we'll have to probably circle back to that as well, like on another AMA.

Let's see here, guys. I definitely want to answer more of your questions here, but some of these I can't answer, so I don't want to sit here and be like, good question, I can't answer that. Jessica asks, when PetPix channel? Good question, Jessica, 100 points to Gryffindor there.

That's a good question. You've been asking me that literally every single day. Soon, soon, if you guys, if you and Michael want to take the initiative to make that happen, please, please go ahead.

You have my permission. Honestly, guys, it seems that a lot of these are about like, a lot of these other questions are pretty technical, so unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to like dive into them. Yeah, so with that, let's just circle on to some of like the community things that are going on right now.

Obviously, just another reminder here, if you guys have not submitted your wallets on Sovereign Origins Launchpad for the presale, please go ahead and do that as soon as possible because you guys heard what Iago said. You know, after TGE happens, it's gonna, you know, we're gonna collect wallets on a like a rolling out basis. So, you know, we're not gonna be able to send you your, your boss right away, right? It's gonna kind of happen like on a schedule.

So make sure you get those addresses in. And again, we have extended the deadline. And also please understand that extending the deadline doesn't, does not impact TGE whatsoever.

There's a lot of you that are like, oh my God, come on. Like what's, you know, what's, what's going on? Like you guys are extending again. We, it's, guys, please relax.

Let's calm down. Emotional composure, please. They do not go hand in hand, my friends.

They do not go hand in hand. Number two, as you guys saw, we have a Cardano giveaway live, which has been awesome. We've gotten so many participants and again, congratulations to all the winners on round one.

Every week we are giving away $500 worth of ADA to five lucky individuals, to five lucky UTX pros. So if you want to participate in that, please head on over to our Discord. There is a category called Cardano giveaway, and it'll give you all the information on how to enter.

It's super, super, super simple. Literally like the most simple giveaway you've probably ever entered in your life. You literally just have to be level three on Discord, which will take you like 10 minutes of organically engaging.

And then you go to our Zeely, you claim the quest, and boom, you've entered the raffle. Super simple. So keep an eye out on that every single week, guys, because every week that I make that announcement, a new quest is going to go live on Zeely for you guys to enter into.

And also bank on these, my friends, because I will be like, truthfully, there's not a lot of like giveaways that are taking place that are legit these days anymore. A lot of, I'm noticing a lot of projects, a lot of KOLs, a lot of these individuals, they simply just use it as a marketing tactic, and then they don't actually end up like, actually paying out, right? And obviously you guys know that's not the case here whatsoever. Maybe once in a blue moon, there's like a late payment because I just, my plate is like stacked.

But you guys know that we always pay out. It's always very legitimate. And again, it's because we appreciate you guys.

And plus we would just, we would never lie. We would never, it's disgusting. Hate when people do that.

Let's see here. What else did we have to say? What else did we have to cover? Engage. So those of you who are on Discord also know that we have the Engage bot integrated onto Discord.

Now I'm just gonna run through this real quick because I really want everybody to also utilize Engage for their benefit because you guys already engage with our posts on Twitter, so on and so forth, YouTube, TikTok, whatever. So I want you guys to be rewarded for that. So the way that the Engage bot works is you'll go and set it up.

There's a category called, what's that category called? Blanking, right? So go under Community Calendar Category. You'll see the Engage Setup channel. You basically literally just need to set up your Twitter and set up your wallet.

And what happens is every time we put out a tweet, every time you participate in a movie night or a game night or these calls, you gain points. And for those points, you can go over to the Engage Exchange channel on Discord and you can exchange those points for rewards. We literally just put up a PS5, guys, a PS5.

And I told you guys that some crazy rewards were coming. Now, like I said previously, a lot of you were complaining that, hey, like 10K points is a lot to reach. But like I said to you guys, there's gonna be a lot of opportunities moving forward in the next couple of weeks for you guys to get a large chunk of points.

I want you guys to get this. Somebody has to get this. At the moment, it's looking like Stormfister or Sooty.

So I don't know if you guys want Sooty to win or Storm because they've been placing top with literally everything, everything. So the competition is on, my friends. Bring your A game, bring your best self.

This is time to defend your honor, your honor and your place within the community. So just stay consistent with these calls, stay consistent with movie nights, game nights. Just show up and be active, get on Discord.

Sometimes there's things going on in the general channel, like impromptu, like quiz nights, things like that. Participate, just be active. You will get rewarded.

I assure you of that, my friends. Besides that, Indulgent, our amazing moderator that you guys love and know, aka Class Clown, next to Jason, he actually put together an amazing weekly recap video for you guys. And he's been working so hard on it.

And that'll basically cover just all the community updates, the community activities, things that took place in, I think it was like Singapore and Korea. Just kind of give you guys an overall ecosystem update. So do expect that as well.

I'll actually pull him up here in a second to give you guys like an idea of what that looks like. Let's see here. Trying to think of like what else we should cover before we end the call.

Yeah, next week we'll have a community call with the CHARMS team. So that should be interesting as well. So if you guys do have questions for that, as always, drop them in the AMA questions channel starting today.

And please make note on that message that, hey, this is for the CHARMS call coming up. Just so that I know where to start. And then, yeah, I mean, in regards to, there was some questions in regards to events taking place.

I did actually go over to the North American Blockchain Summit. I don't think I covered that with you guys. Some of you guys watched the vlog.

Some of you didn't. But it was a good conference, my friends. You know, it was a lot different than other conferences that I've been to.

The conferences we typically go to are pretty major. There's typically like 20 plus thousand and more attendants that like show up. And there's all these like side events.

Some of them are parties and you know how it goes, right? I mean, now you guys know how it goes after like watching like the vlogs. There's a lot of like parties and things like that kind of like going on, which I'm gonna be honest, not really my cup of tea whatsoever, but such is life. Sometimes you gotta do things out of your comfort zone.

But NABS, on the other hand, was a very small and intimate conference. Was very Bitcoin heavy. Like completely, it was all Bitcoin based.

However, it was institutional. So there was like regulators, policymakers, institutions, like Bitcoin hardware selling like companies and such. Obviously you guys know we showed up with the Cardano team, which was so nice.

They literally had a booth at the event and they were like, hey guys, like if you guys wanna show up and you know, just pull up a banner and kind of run the booth with us, that would be awesome. Like we're sending you guys out that invite. So that's why we kind of like showed up last minute.

But it was also really nice connecting with some of like the core contributors behind like some of the projects in the Cardano ecosystem. James from USDM was there. The founder of Hosky was there.

It was cool meeting him. He was pretty much like a, he was kind of like famous. You know, I was like, wow, meeting a famous person.

There was the InterSec team, who else? Like the Rare, the Rare Evo, Rare Network like team was there. It was just nice connecting with everybody, you know? Cause like these are people that are actually, that actually have a voice within the ADA ecosystem. And, you know, they were also just kind of like giving us like some tips and tricks and some advice and, you know, helping us kind of like navigate like the Cardano ecosystem a little bit more.

So it was just, it was just really, it was just really solid overall. Yeah, so that was kind of like the NAB's takeaway. I did talk to a lot of Bitcoin maxis as well.

And obviously brought up our tech, brought up our infrastructure. They're interested. Most definitely they are interested, but obviously there's still a little bit of hesitation from Bitcoin maxis because, you know, the tech hasn't been there for like the last 15 years for them to safely, you know, utilize their Bitcoin without any counterparty risk, right? So because that hasn't necessarily been a narrative for them, it's going to be hard for them to like kind of switch their mindset and their belief system.

So, but in due time guys, in due time, everybody will come around, right? They were interested though. They definitely were interested. They definitely showed a little bit of hesitation about bringing their Bitcoin to another chain.

But again, guys, you know, once they understand the tech that's available to them and the resources that are available to them, I think that switch is just pretty much inevitable. Besides that, let's have Indulgent cover his recap video. And then from there, I'm just going to take one final screenshot of all the participants here.

And like I said, you guys have all been entered to win a giveaway, my friends. And it was honestly really fun when you guys were putting up all the reactions and stuff for Engage as well. So we'll have to do more of these types of like impromptu like raffles and such.

Yeah. So Indulgent, the mic is yours, my friend. All right, guys.

Nice to be here, Gibos everyone. It's always fun when I get to talk to the community. So I'm not going to waste a lot of time.

I want to just talk about certain things in the community. So like we've talked about this a couple of times and I know that it feels like it's a lot. I keep saying this.

If you go look at the current Zillow Spring table, if you look at leaderboard, you'd see names that do not have the dihedral. And they're there. So we say this over and over again.

Just because you have a role, doesn't necessarily mean you have an advantage. Because you think your points are big or it's something. People would literally throw you to the ground.

I'm currently 10th or 11th somewhere on that leaderboard. You guys are whooping my ass. You know? And I have the dihedral.

You all are whooping my ass on this stuff. The role is good, but it doesn't really make much of a difference. Consistency is a lot.

It means a lot. Just be active. There are always opportunities popping up.

Claire has made it a thing to shock us at random times. Yesterday was a random quiz in the chat. I literally came when Jason was like five points up.

We couldn't catch him anymore. He won. You know? So you get these random events popping up in the community and because you're constantly waiting for some sort of official sprint activity, you miss out on all the fun times.

So come in the chat, be active, stay active. You're gonna get surprised. And it will be worth it.

Next is please. So we understand there are a lot of newbies coming into the chats, into the Discord. And because of that, we do expect that to some extent, some of you will not read the rules.

You know? But there are some rules that should be universal. And if you've been on Discord for a while, you don't go into a project's Discord and talk about another project's Discord, try to shim it. It's wrong.

You don't do that. I had to ban someone recently for that activity. Guys, listen.

If you're on the boss Discord it's because you love the projects. You love the community. Be a part of that community.

You don't try to import or export. I don't know how that works. And some extra community.

That's not how this works. If you are part of boss, be in tune with the boss community. There are amazing people here.

A lot of amazing people in the community. You're gonna have an excellent time. We have bots too.

Because Sudi is one. Sudi is a bot. I say this every time.

Sudi is a bot. I say it with my full chest. I don't think Sudi is human.

So I'm beginning to think some people think he's a bot. Because he seems to be somehow on the leaderboard of everything these days. You know? But... You guys just want to call us a bot, man.

You're an alien. Yours is different. Yours is a different case.

You're an alien. You cheat. I don't know.

I don't know how you... You know what? Keep crying. Keep crying. It's okay.

It's okay. Please catch heads. See you in Gatik.

Oh, Bob Brown. Bob Brown. It's okay.

You guys can keep crying about me, Sudi, and Storm. It's okay. Like, don't worry.

Don't worry. You will have your time. Maybe.

Y'all got lucky yesterday. This was a network thing. It was a network thing.

I was amped up. I was going to whoop Sudi's ass. I was coming for Sudi.

Network saved him yesterday. Sudi, you are cut at this point. You have nine lives.

One is down, bruv. You've got eight left. I'm coming for you, fam.

Nah, nah, nah, nah. The Nigerian community loves to throw the network issues. They love to throw the network issues as an excuse when they're losing.

Indulgent can't answer questions, and he's like, ah, it's my network. Come on. Oh my God.

I'm really serious, guys. So please don't do the whole try to ship with us. Also, don't come posting scam links.

Listen, we have mods that talk in the chats and laugh and play with people, and we have mods that literally watch the chats like a hawk, and they do this in every single channel. So if you think you would escape it by not posting in the general channel, someone is going to catch you, and this is going to happen within seconds of you posting it. I'm serious.

So yesterday we had someone that did it in the general chat, and I deleted the chat, and he just went to the Meme Wars channel to do it a couple of seconds later, so I had to ban him. I think he felt like no one was watching the Meme Wars channel. Literally, guys, the Meme Wars channel is the most watched channel in the chat.

Everyone is posting there. Not even the mods. The community members can see you.

Please, guys, there are rules to the chats. If you follow them, you are going to have an awesome time. We have rules in the community that are going to troll you, and you're going to throw them back, and you're going to have fun and chat.

So please, guys, come. We're asking you guys to come in. We're only asking that you guys respect the rules that come with the community.

That is not so much to ask. And yeah, so Elian said something about a recap video. We made a recap video.

P.S., this was supposed to be a weekly thing. We had this amazing idea to create a weekly recap video for the events that happens any week on the chat, and we came up with the first one. But in the process of creating the first one, we suddenly realized, nah, we can't do this weekly.

It's a lot. It's a whole lot. We decided we were going to do it monthly.

Claire, do you have a link? Can you put it up on the Jumbotron, if it's possible, so the guys can access it? Did you post it? Yes, I posted it. I think I sent it to you. You should see it on my profile.

It's like more recent posts. So we wanted to, in some ways, appreciate the community for being the community. We are nothing without you guys.

You guys make our jobs worth it. You make everyday fun for us. I mean, literally, I think at this point, we are kind of addicted to Discord.

And we don't see some of you, and then we're like, wait, what's happening? Some of you guys have become family. So yeah, we really love you guys. And that's why we created this recap video.

It is our way of saying, listen, we see what's happening in the community. We see some of your efforts. We love it.

We appreciate you guys. And we want all of you guys to see the things that you probably missed as much as we can fit into a short video. This was not a short video, because we figured out, if this is what is happening in the week, we're gonna have to make this monthly and then compress it as much as we can.

So go watch, guys. Go see this recap. Show some love.

Appreciate Aliens and Jason. Jason did most of the research for this. I really appreciate his efforts.

And Alien commissioned, guided, and helped us with an amazing voiceover. So I really hope you guys get to enjoy this particular recap. It's nice talking to you guys again.

I'm gonna hand it over back to Aliens. Thank you. Thank you, sir.

Beautiful speech. Love hearing from you, even when you're crying about being a loser. It's okay.

Awesome, yeah. I just put the link to the, it's not weekly anymore, more like monthly video recap. Pinned it to the Jumbotron, as you guys like to call it.

It was definitely a lot of effort on the mod side of things. Like he said, lots of research. And yeah, it just took a lot of time.

So do not expect it every week, but expect it as a nice little sweet treat here and there. I did also want to give a shout out to everybody making some like insane memes. Now you guys have actually become like meme.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)